feat: Add Stomp (Active MQ) output plugin (#7995)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/stomp/README.md

# STOMP Producer Output Plugin

This plugin writes to a [Active MQ Broker](http://activemq.apache.org/)/

>  for STOMP <http://stomp.github.io>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for STOMP <http://stomp.github.io>.
```

It also support Amazon MQ  <https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/>

## CONFIGURATON

> ```toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```toml @sample.conf
```

  ## Host of Active MQ broker

>   host = "localhost:61613"

Author: you can fine this one
https://activemq.apache.org/components/artemis/documentation/1.4.0/protocols-interoperability.html 
the part of Native Stomp support

# STOMP Producer Output Plugin

This plugin writes to a [Active MQ Broker](http://activemq.apache.org/)/
 for STOMP <http://stomp.github.io>.

It also support Amazon MQ  <https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/>

## CONFIGURATON

```toml
  ## Host of Active MQ broker
  host = "localhost:61613"

  ## Queue name for producer messages
  # queueName = "telegraf"

  ## Username and password if required by the Active MQ server.
  # username = ""
  # password = ""

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Data format to output.

>   # data_format = "json"

Reviewer 2: I think you are missing the `toml`-section closing tripple-quotes at the end of the file.

# STOMP Producer Output Plugin

This plugin writes to a [Active MQ Broker](http://activemq.apache.org/) Applying STOMP Protocol (https://stomp.github.io).

It also support Amazon MQ  (https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/)

## CONFIGURATON

> ```toml
>   ## Host of Active Mq broker
>     host = "localhost:61613"
> 
>   ## Queue name for producer messages
>     queueName = "telegraf"
> 
>   ## Optional username and password if Required to connect Active MQ server.
>     username = ""
>     password = ""
> 
>   ## Optional TLS Config
>     # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
>     # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
>     # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
>     ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
>     # insecure_skip_verify = false
> 
>   ## Data format to output.
>     # data_format = "json"
> ```

Reviewer 2: Please fix the formatting here and comment sensible defaults as documented [here](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/developers/SAMPLE_CONFIG.md#style). Please also adapt the `sampleConfig` accordingly.
```suggestion
```toml
  ## Host of Active MQ broker
  host = "localhost:61613"

  ## Queue name for producer messages
  # queueName = "telegraf"

  ## Username and password if required by the Active MQ server.
  # username = ""
  # password = ""

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Data format to output.
  # data_format = "json"
```
```

# STOMP Producer Output Plugin

> This plugin writes to a [Active MQ Broker](http://activemq.apache.org/) Applying STOMP Protocol.
> 
> It also support Amazon MQ  (https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin sends metrics to an [Active MQ Broker](http://activemq.apache.org/) applying the STOMP protocol.
It also support Amazon MQ  (https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/)
```
Do you have a reference for the `STOMP` protocol? It would be nice to link to it here...

## CONFIGURATON

```toml
  ## Host of Active Mq broker
    host = "localhost:61613"

  ## Queue name for producer messages
    queueName = "telegraf"

  ## Optional username and password if Required to connect Active MQ server.
    username = ""
    password = ""

  ## Default No TLS Connecton 
    # SSL = false

  ## Optional TLS Config
    # SSL = true
    # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
    # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
    # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
    ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
    # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Data format to output.

>     # data_format = "json"

Reviewer 2: Seems like you mix spaces and tabs here. Please use two leading spaces for the config.
